001
UNFUCK THIS HOUSE
success

# Mission // #001

## UNFUCK THIS HOUSE

Ten light-years past Rào Cỏ Station, there lies a system of wonder and opportunity. Millions of brave souls travelled the void beyond the edge of Union, uncertain what they’d find 
when they arrived. 

Life was hard on that rugged frontier, but with ingenuity and courage they rose to meet the challenge of the day. They built a better tomorrow. They built Calliope.


Now, it’s your turn. Calliope is waiting for fearless individuals ready to help the system take its next step towards greatness. 
Calliope needs visionaries. Calliope needs leaders. Calliope needs the dedicated and the bold, those who don’t back down from a challenge, who relish the reward of honest, hard work.
Calliope needs you.


Do you have what it takes to journey to the frontier? To be a part of humanity’s next great venture? Contact your local Calliope Project recruiter today, and take your first step into a bright new future. 


The Calliope Project: our many hands shall build Heaven here.


– Calliope Project recruitment reel, 4727u

# Goals

- Stabilize the situation on the Gate. Fix urgent problems as they occur. Find a replacement part for the printer.

# Stakes

- Failure to fix the Gate's many, MANY issues will cause the situation to deteriorate rapidly, the inhabitants of Hell's Gate will become desperate.

# Reserves

- Are you kidding? We’re running on
fumes as it is.

# Rewards
- Jerry will spend enough of his operational budget to enable you to advance to LL1
